examples/nonlin/README.md, before:

# List of Nonlinear Dynamic Optimization Examples

| Name | Link | Reference | Solution Type |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Alp Rider | [alp-rider](alp-rider/) | Bett10 |  |
| Brachistochrone | [brachistochrone](brachistochrone/) | Bry75 | closed-form |
| Bryson Ho 59 | [bryson-ho-59](bryson-ho-59/) | Bry75 | closed-form |
| Bryson Ho 63 | [bryson-ho-63](bryson-ho-63/) | Bry75 | partial closed-form |
| Bryson Ho 64 | [bryson-ho-64](bryson-ho-64/) | Bry75 | closed-form |
| Chemical Reactor | [chemical-reactor](chemical-reactor/) | Cit69 |  |
| Container Crane | [container-crane](container-crane/) | Aug01 |  |
| Free Flying Robot | [free-flying-robot](free-flying-robot/) | Bett10 |  |
| Hang Glider | [hang-glider](hang-glider/) | Bul93 |  |
| HIV Immunology | [hiv-immunology](hiv-immunology/) | Jo02 |  |
| Hypersensitive | [hypersensitive](hypersensitive/) | Rao00 |  |
| Optimal Consumption | [optimal-consumption](optimal-consumption/) | Evans |  |
| Simple Co-design Transfer | [simple-co-design-transfer](simple-co-design-transfer/) | Her19 |  |
| Train | [train](train/) | Van01 |  |
| Transfer - Maximum Radius | [transfer-max-radius](transfer-max-radius/) | Bry75 |  |
| Transfer - Minimum Fuel | [transfer-min-fuel](transfer-min-fuel/) | Ross07 |  |
| Tuberculosis | [tuberculosis](tuberculosis/) | Bett10 |  |
| Tumor | [tumor](tumor/) | Led08 |  |
| van der Pol | [vanderpol](vanderpol/) | Can02 |  |

### References
- [**Aug01**] D. Augustin and H. Maurer, "*Sensitivity Analysis and Real-Time Control of a Container Crane under State Constraints*," in Online Optimization of Large Scale Systems, Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2001, pp. 69–82
- [**Bett10**] J. T. Betts, "*Practical Methods for Optimal Control and Estimation Using Nonlinear Programming*." Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics, Jan. 2010, doi: 10.1137/1.9780898718577
- [**Bry75**] A. E. Bryson Jr. and Y.-C. Ho, "*Applied Optimal Control*."" Taylor & Francis, 1975, isbn: 9780891162285
- [**Bul93**] R. Bulirsch, E. Nerz, H. J. Pesch, and O. von Stryk, "*Combining Direct and Indirect Methods in Optimal Control: Range Maximization of a Hang Glider,*" in Optimal Control, Birkhäuser Basel, 1993, pp. 273–288 [Online]. Available: http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-0348-7539-4_20
- [**Can02**] E. Balsa Canto, J. R. Banga, A. A. Alonso, and V. S. Vassiliadis, "*Restricted second order information for the solution of optimal control problems using control vector parameterization*," Journal of Process Control, vol. 12, no. 2, pp. 243–255, Feb. 2002, doi: 10.1016/s0959-1524(01)00008-7
- [**Cit69**] S. J. Citron, "*Elements of Optimal Control*.", Holt, Rinehart and Winston, 1969
- [**Evans**] L. C. Evans, "*An Introduction to Mathematical Optimal Control Theory*." Department of Mathematics, University of California, Berkeley, Version 0.2
- [**Her19**] D. R. Herber and J. T. Allison, "*Nested and Simultaneous Solution Strategies for General Combined Plant and Control Design Problems*," Journal of Mechanical Design, vol. 141, no. 1, Oct. 2018, doi: 10.1115/1.4040705
- [**Jo02**] H. R. Joshi, "*Optimal control of an HIV immunology model*," Optimal Control Applications and Methods, vol. 23, no. 4, pp. 199–213, 2002, doi: 10.1002/oca.710
- [**Led08**] U. Ledzewicz and H. Schättler, "*Analysis of optimal controls for a mathematical model of tumour anti-angiogenesis*,"" Optimal Control Applications and Methods, vol. 29, no. 1, pp. 41–57, Jan. 2008, doi: 10.1002/oca.814
- [**Rao00**] A. V. Rao and K. D. Mease, "*Eigenvector approximate dichotomic basis method for solving hyper-sensitive optimal control problems*, Optimal Control Applications and Methods, vol. 21, no. 1, pp. 1–19, Jan. 2000, doi: 10.1002/(SICI)1099-1514(200001/02)21:1<1::AID-OCA646>3.0.CO;2-V
- [**Ross07**] I. M. Ross, Q. Gong, and P. Sekhavat, "*Low-Thrust, High-Accuracy Trajectory Optimization*," Journal of Guidance, Control, and Dynamics, vol. 30, no. 4, pp. 921–933, Jul. 2007, doi: 10.2514/1.23181
- [**Van01**] R. J. Vanderbei, "*Case Studies in Trajectory Optimization: Trains, Planes, and Other Pastimes*," Optimization and Engineering, vol. 2, no. 2, pp. 215-243, 2001, doi: 10.1023/a:1013145328012

Commit message:

See commit message for fixes, changes, and new features. Thanks!
Fixes
- Fixed bug in DTQP_IPFMINCON_objective.m with multiple parameters
- Fixed bug in DTQP_IPFMINCON.m when the number of disturbances was not updated
- Fixed bug in DTQP_DEFECTS_PS.m

Changes
- Updated example TransferMinFuel.m with scaling and other transformations

Features
- Added time-varying parameter support to symb.param using the DTQP_tmatrix.m format
- Added initial support for LQDO problem specification in DTQP_IPFMINCON.m

examples/nonlin/README.md, after:

# List of Nonlinear Dynamic Optimization Examples

| Name | Link | Reference | Solution Type |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Alp Rider | [alp-rider](alp-rider/) | Bett10 |  |
| Brachistochrone | [brachistochrone](brachistochrone/) | Bry75 | closed-form |
| Bryson Ho 59 | [bryson-ho-59](bryson-ho-59/) | Bry75 | closed-form |
| Bryson Ho 63 | [bryson-ho-63](bryson-ho-63/) | Bry75 | partial closed-form |
| Bryson Ho 64 | [bryson-ho-64](bryson-ho-64/) | Bry75 | closed-form |
| Chemical Reactor | [chemical-reactor](chemical-reactor/) | Cit69 |  |
| Container Crane | [container-crane](container-crane/) | Aug01 |  |
| Free Flying Robot | [free-flying-robot](free-flying-robot/) | Bett10 |  |
| Hang Glider | [hang-glider](hang-glider/) | Bul93 |  |
| HIV Immunology | [hiv-immunology](hiv-immunology/) | Jo02 |  |
| Hypersensitive | [hypersensitive](hypersensitive/) | Rao00 |  |
| Optimal Consumption | [optimal-consumption](optimal-consumption/) | Evans |  |
| Simple Co-design Transfer | [simple-co-design-transfer](simple-co-design-transfer/) | Her19 |  |
| Simple Suspension | [simple-suspension](simple-suspension/) | Her20 |  |
| Train | [train](train/) | Van01 |  |
| Transfer - Maximum Radius | [transfer-max-radius](transfer-max-radius/) | Bry75 |  |
| Transfer - Minimum Fuel | [transfer-min-fuel](transfer-min-fuel/) | Ross07 |  |
| Tuberculosis | [tuberculosis](tuberculosis/) | Bett10 |  |
| Tumor | [tumor](tumor/) | Led08 |  |
| van der Pol | [vanderpol](vanderpol/) | Can02 |  |

### References
- [**Aug01**] D. Augustin and H. Maurer, "*Sensitivity Analysis and Real-Time Control of a Container Crane under State Constraints*," in Online Optimization of Large Scale Systems, Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2001, pp. 69–82
- [**Bett10**] J. T. Betts, "*Practical Methods for Optimal Control and Estimation Using Nonlinear Programming*." Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics, Jan. 2010, doi: 10.1137/1.9780898718577
- [**Bry75**] A. E. Bryson Jr. and Y.-C. Ho, "*Applied Optimal Control*."" Taylor & Francis, 1975, isbn: 9780891162285
- [**Bul93**] R. Bulirsch, E. Nerz, H. J. Pesch, and O. von Stryk, "*Combining Direct and Indirect Methods in Optimal Control: Range Maximization of a Hang Glider,*" in Optimal Control, Birkhäuser Basel, 1993, pp. 273–288 [Online]. Available: http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-0348-7539-4_20
- [**Can02**] E. Balsa Canto, J. R. Banga, A. A. Alonso, and V. S. Vassiliadis, "*Restricted second order information for the solution of optimal control problems using control vector parameterization*," Journal of Process Control, vol. 12, no. 2, pp. 243–255, Feb. 2002, doi: 10.1016/s0959-1524(01)00008-7
- [**Cit69**] S. J. Citron, "*Elements of Optimal Control*.", Holt, Rinehart and Winston, 1969
- [**Evans**] L. C. Evans, "*An Introduction to Mathematical Optimal Control Theory*." Department of Mathematics, University of California, Berkeley, Version 0.2
- [**Her19**] D. R. Herber and J. T. Allison, "*Nested and Simultaneous Solution Strategies for General Combined Plant and Control Design Problems*," Journal of Mechanical Design, vol. 141, no. 1, Oct. 2018, doi: 10.1115/1.4040705
- [**Her20**] D. R. Herber and A. K. Sundarrajan, "*On the uses of linear-quadratic methods in solving nonlinear dynamic optimization problems with direct transcription*", in ASME International Mechanical Engineering Congress & Exposition, 2020
- [**Jo02**] H. R. Joshi, "*Optimal control of an HIV immunology model*," Optimal Control Applications and Methods, vol. 23, no. 4, pp. 199–213, 2002, doi: 10.1002/oca.710
- [**Led08**] U. Ledzewicz and H. Schättler, "*Analysis of optimal controls for a mathematical model of tumour anti-angiogenesis*,"" Optimal Control Applications and Methods, vol. 29, no. 1, pp. 41–57, Jan. 2008, doi: 10.1002/oca.814
- [**Rao00**] A. V. Rao and K. D. Mease, "*Eigenvector approximate dichotomic basis method for solving hyper-sensitive optimal control problems*, Optimal Control Applications and Methods, vol. 21, no. 1, pp. 1–19, Jan. 2000, doi: 10.1002/(SICI)1099-1514(200001/02)21:1<1::AID-OCA646>3.0.CO;2-V
- [**Ross07**] I. M. Ross, Q. Gong, and P. Sekhavat, "*Low-Thrust, High-Accuracy Trajectory Optimization*," Journal of Guidance, Control, and Dynamics, vol. 30, no. 4, pp. 921–933, Jul. 2007, doi: 10.2514/1.23181
- [**Van01**] R. J. Vanderbei, "*Case Studies in Trajectory Optimization: Trains, Planes, and Other Pastimes*," Optimization and Engineering, vol. 2, no. 2, pp. 215-243, 2001, doi: 10.1023/a:1013145328012
